Add net param formatting tips (#860)
vegaprotocol/documentation: docs/concepts/trading-on-vega/discounts-rewards.md

These tiers are set through network parameters, and thus can be changed through [governance](../governance.md#network-parameter-governance).

:::tip Try it out
[Tutorial: Propose a network parameter change](../../tutorials/proposals/network-parameter-proposal.md)

> Note: You'll need to format your proposal to include multiple data in the value field.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: You'll need to format your proposal using JSON to include multiple tiers in the value field.
```

Reviewer: `multiple data` seemed awkward. I'm not sure if this is better.

The details for activity streaks are set through network parameters, and thus can be changed through [governance](../governance.md#network-parameter-governance).

:::tip Try it out
[Tutorial: Propose a network parameter change](../../tutorials/proposals/network-parameter-proposal.md)

> Note: You'll need to format your proposal to include multiple data in the value field. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: You'll need to format your proposal using JSON to include multiple tiers in the value field.
```

as above
